---
layout: post
permalink: /_posts/2024-06-16-seg_fault
permalink_name: "/posts/2024-06-16"
filename: "2024-06-16"
title: cat seg_fault.md
link_title: seg_fault
projects: none
---
**Sunday, 16 June, 2024**

**PROJECT(s):** None

Song of the Day: [**El Fusilado**](https://youtu.be/yrzi4PqI9Mg?si=s9zOmBwKvNA8yqLG) - *The Longest Johns*

Sooo... It's been a while. I had stopped posting during my internship last summer and didn't pick it back up when I returned to school. But hey, it hasn't *quite* been a year yet, so you know, could be worse I guess.

Moving right along. Updates on my end here:

- The stuff I do during my internship is now sufficiently in the weeds and actually useful that I will no longer post about it here
- My first Pathways tour last fall went really well and I got to do some really neat stuff
- I have completed the first of my two semester masters program
- I'm back in Houston working for EG6 this time, though still focusing on optical navigation/the orion docking camera/opnav flight software
- I am currently working through the process to try and get converted to full-time in EG when I graduate in December

It's been a pretty successful (albeit exhausting) year for me. Graduate-level courses are no joke. My project has taken some interesting turns. Moving every four months or so sucks. But thankfully the end is in sight. One way or another, this all ends in December when I graduate and end up down in Houston full-time, whether at NASA or one of the contractors. I'm looking forward to that.

In the mean-time, most of my posts here will be for my master's project, which I am calling BOROMIR (Blender-based Open-source Repository for Opnav Moon Image Rendering) (I'll put out a post specifically about it soon). I'm on a deadline to have it finished in order to get my degree, so I am spending a lot of my non-work hours on it rather than my other projects.

[< Prev](/_posts/2023-06-28-day_18)    [Next >](/all_caught_up)
