---
layout: post
permalink: /_posts/2022-08-05-jsc_day_39
permalink_name: "/posts/2022-08-05"
filename: "2022-08-05"
title: cat jsc_day_39.md
link_title: jsc_day_39
projects: nasa_summer_2022
---
**Friday, 05 August, 2022**

Song of the Day: [**The Entertainer**](https://youtu.be/d_VHFyaSXQw) - *Billy Joel*

Today's big accomplishment was finally fixing one of the few remaining issues with SKYAN, my main summer project. Up until this point, when generating heatmaps of the positions of the images laid on the Celestial Sphere, the actual locations of the images were incorrect. This was due to my missing a body rotation from the camera boresight, returned by the attitude determination scripts, and the camera's FOV. Over the past week or so, around my other tasks, I had been trying to amend that miscalculation. The exact math is not something I have had much practice with, so I had been using some MATLAB scripts as guides, and converting their logic into C++. Finally, with some help from my mentor, we were able to discover where I had been deviating from the MATLAB scripts and finally generate an accurate area map.

I feel much better knowing that this aspect of the program has finally been taken care of. Going into next week, it should just be cleaning up and documenting what I have done for future use.

I can't believe this summer has passed by so quickly! And yet, at the same time, I feel like I began this work so long ago. It hasn't even been forty days in the office yet, and it feels like I've been here forever. It'll be sad to say goodbye to everyone next Thursday, I'm really going to miss them.

[< Prev](/_posts/2022-08-04-jsc_day_38)    [Next >](/_posts/2022-08-08-jsc_day_40)
