---
layout: post
permalink: /_posts/2022-06-21-jsc_day_10
permalink_name: "/posts/2022-06-21"
filename: "2022-06-21"
title: cat jsc_day_10.md
link_title: jsc_day_10
projects: nasa_summer_2022
---
**21 June, 2022**

Song of the Day: [**SAIL**](https://youtu.be/tgIqecROs5M) - *AWOLNATION*

Another day, another problem solved. The Blue Origin calibration from last week ended up having a pair of issues.

1. There were 101 images, when we expected 100
2. It appeared we were missing a star

Since these issues would appear to contradict each other, I spent some time trying to determine what was occuring. One of the barriers to that was that the images I was inspecting were approximately 4000 by 3000 pixels, each containing a single star spread out across 5 pixels (if you are lucky). To combat this, I set about writing up a quick script to enlarge and otherwise increase the visibility of each star in each image.

Having completed this, I was able to confirm a suspicion that I had held that an extra image was being taken after pointing towards the first star location. Upon removing this image from the dataset, the scripts used to process it was able to identify every star that was expected. Following this confirmation, I discovered the line in the gimbal controller code that was causing the extra image to be taken and commented it out.

Thankfully, solving that mystery allowed for us to continue on to preparing the docking camera for calibration. Steve and I managed to set up the mass simulator for the camera on the gimbal and run the tests required to guarantee that the setup will not encounter any control systems issues on the gimbal.

[< Prev](/_posts/2022-06-19-__init__quiet_rack)    [Next >](/all_caught_up)
