---
layout: post
permalink: /_posts/2023-05-11-transfer
permalink_name: "/posts/2023-05-11"
filename: "2023-05-11"
title: cat transfer.md
link_title: transfer
projects: website,homelab
---
**Thursday, 11 May, 2023**

**PROJECT(s):**  [website](/projects/website) [homelab](/projects/homelab)

Song of the Day: [**Like A Stone**](https://youtu.be/7QU1nvuxaMA) - *Audioslave*

Spent the last couple of days transfering my server rack from my apartment in NY back to my parents' place in MA. That ended up being much more of a headache than I would have imagined. I had to modify all of the static ips from 192.168.X.XX to 10.0.X.XX along with all of the gateways and dns servers. I ran into **so MANY** DNS issues. After far too much time, I at least got my NAS and workhorse servers interacting as well as a pi-hole up and VNC running on everything.

The most difficult part by far had to come from trying to port forward an ssh entrypoint for me to interact with from NY/TX. My internet provider only allowed port forwards of devices that it managed to recognize on the network, and of course, none of my servers were recognized. Thanks to that, I had to create a SSH tunnel via cloudflare. After an awful lot of trial and error, I actually managed to get it set up properly. AND IT IS AMAZING. I don't know how I got through the past semesters always VNC-ing back into my server to write or run code. Connecting VSCode to the machine via ssh is a better option by far! No lag, no crazy disruptive disconnects, and I only need to run one application through the server, rather than also having to run a browser window and anything else I might be using as well. At some point in the future, I'd ideally like an SFTP mount and/or wireguard vpn into the network as well, but I imagine that those would be limited by the tunnel setup.

[< Prev](/_posts/2023-04-11-pathways)    [Next >](/_posts/2023-05-13-updating)
