---
layout: post
permalink: /_posts/2022-12-31-year++
permalink_name: "/posts/2022-12-31"
filename: "2022-12-31"
title: cat year++.md
link_title: year++
projects: none
---
**Saturday, 31 December, 2022**

Song of the Day: [**Take Me to War**](https://youtu.be/KGkUye2L-38) - *The Crane Wives*

Well...

**I DID IT!**

By some miracle, I managed to perform well enough on the ProgLang final to boost my grade in the class up to a B+, meaning that my GPA is now officially a 3.02. I can apply to Co-Term at RPI for my Masters of Engineering. I cannot believe I managed A's in every other class as well and finally drag my GPA over the 3.0 boundary. It has been such a long journey, and this semester has taken so much out of me. but at least I won't have to stand the looks that I used to get every time someone asked for my old GPA.

Big thanks to (Dr) Paul McKee for all his help prepping me this semester and believing in me since we met last year.

I cannot wait to pass in the paperwork applying for the M Eng. I have my project all picked out and ready to go, and am ecstatic to actually get a chance to do it.

Looking back, I could not have imagined at the beginning of last year that I'd be anywhere near where I am at this moment. I mean, in the last year alone I have:

1. Done an independent study with NASA JSC
2. Got a summer internship with JSC
3. Went all the way to Texas to become great friends with a guy from my own school
4. Met Gene Kranz and Fred Haise
5. Aced 2 AI/ML courses (a topic I previously knew nothing about)
6. Raised my GPA over 3.0
7. Applied for my Masters Degree
8. Prepped for a return to JSC

Thanks 2022, after a few rough years of school, you finally made me feel like I won one.

[< Prev](/_posts/2022-12-20-__init__mtg_sim)    [Next >](/_posts/2023-01-01-__init__game_of_war)
