---
layout: post
permalink: /_posts/2023-06-28-day_18
permalink_name: "/posts/2023-06-28"
filename: "2023-06-28"
title: cat day_18.md
link_title: day_18
projects: nasa_summer_2023
---
**Wednesday, 28 June, 2023**

**PROJECT(s):**  [nasa_summer_2023](/projects/nasa_summer_2023)

Song of the Day: [**Rule #15 - Four Acres**](https://youtu.be/ARhhnGFFuFY) - *Fish in a Birdcage*

Another day down. Crazy to think that this is already my fourth week back. I am grateful to be deep in the work. At this point my projects are looking like:

1. Getting OCILOT up and running (my original task for the summer)
2. Helping to calibrate the slew of cameras coming through the lab this summer
3. Rewriting a bunch of code to make the process of those calibrations go over more smoothly
4. Assisting in the hardware selection for and actual upgrade of the OCILOT rig in the EOL and ONIG rig in the HOTH
5. Developing a knock-off ONIG setup in the EOL in the form of a server connection for live runs of our EDGE program
6. Running my analysis tool from last summer on the Artemis I datasets and investigating the trends that appear there
7. Working with some other interns on developing a stray light test bench setup for the EOL

It's late, and I think I've missed one of them, but you get the idea. I've got a lot of work ahead of me, but I'll certainly take that as opposed to the alternative.

Tonight I got to watch Apollo 13 projected on the side of the Saturn V mid booster again. Wow... what a wild statement to throw "again" after. I am happy to announce that it was no less incredible the second time around. It's times like that when you take a step back and say "damn, I'm working for NASA" that blow my mind. I'm here; all the hard work, sleepless nights, and stress have actually gotten me where I was trying to go, and I can barely believe it.

[< Prev](/_posts/2023-06-15-day_09)    [Next >](/all_caught_up)
