---
layout: post
permalink: /_posts/2023-04-11-pathways
permalink_name: "/posts/2023-04-11"
filename: "2023-04-11"
title: cat pathways.md
link_title: pathways
projects: none
---
**Tuesday, 11 April, 2023**

**PROJECT(s):** None

Song of the Day: [**The Humours of Whiskey**](https://youtu.be/7O5mAmGKcjU) - *Com R. McGuinness*

Alright, I'm already breaking my previous commitment to having actual substance in these posts, but I think this one is worthwhile; plus I've got a post in the works about my work on OSCAR's targeting system coming soon.

I got my notification today! I've been accepted into NASA's Graduate Pathways Program! This is absolutely huge for me, as the Pathways program is basically the only direct path into NASA on graduation. With this internship I'll be spending the coming Fall semester down at JSC in addition to this Summer that I'll already be down there for. It'll also mean I get more work to do for them, and get more opportunities to prove myself and make connections there. Arguably most importantly, this program ensures that when I graduate with my Masters degree next year, I'll have a solid chance at a job offer.

I am so happy I'm having trouble thinking straight. If I had been told this time last year that I'd be accepted into a Masters program and be a Pathways intern I would never have believed it. All of the hard work that I have put in over the years (and this last year in particular) is finally coming to fruition, and I couldn't be happier.

**WE ARE GOING.**

[< Prev](/_posts/2023-04-03-speed_increase)    [Next >](/all_caught_up)
